
=head1 NAME

SU::API::Box

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use strict;
    use warnings;

    use SU::API::Vault;

    my $role_id = "6cc1395e-c53c-4aa9-9a2c-42476ab647b5"; # Just examples, you need to create these for your self
    my $secret_id = "d5f7ddc5-abc5-4d3f-bcfa-2c9bfebd124e";
    my $vault = new SU::API::Vault("https://vault.example.com:8200", $role_id, $secret_id);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Module used to integrate with the REST API that Vault provides.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

=over

=item new (URL, ROLE_ID, SECRET_ID)

"URL" is the URL to your vault server, e.g. https://vault.example.com:8200 

"ROLE_ID" for your approle 

"SECRET_ID" for your approle 

Returns a new SU::API::Vault object.

=back

=head1 DESTRUCTOR

=over

=item DESTROY()

Logout and revoke the access_token for use in future requests, this is done automatically
at the end of your script so that you don't leave a lot of access tokens lying around the vault server.

=back

=head1 METHODS

=over

=item login ()

Login and get the access_token for use in future requests, this is done automatically,
so it is only documentet for sake of completness.

=item get_secret (PATH)

Perform the actual request.

"PATH" is mandatory.

Returns the result in a perl reference.

=item print_bindata(FILENAME)

Prints the content of binaryData to a file denoted by FILENAME


=back

=head1 DEPENDS

L<HTTP::Request>,
L<IO::File>,
L<JSON>,
L<LWP::UserAgent>,

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2016-, IT Services, Stockholm University

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of Stockholm University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

=head1 AUTHOR

Mikael Nordin <mikael.nordin@su.se>,

